you know you don't often get under the
boat at a boat show but I just found
this brand new for 2017 worldcat 280 CCX
and i'll tell you what what's under this
boat is one of the most interesting
things about it for starters you've got
to look at the tunnel look at the
curvature the radiuses are much larger
that makes for a much stronger structure
you look down at the pot the curvature
is completely different it's not like
anything we've seen before and on top of
that there's a lip up at the bow all
this works together to help keep spray
and sneezing down and make the ride as
smooth as possible you may have noticed
from the exterior view that the anchor
of this boat is rigged through the bow
this is the first kind of its size ever
to have a through the bow anchor system
like this in the way that worldcat does
it is in the starboard hull all the way
over to this side take me out to the
windlass the line comes in through the
center comes around and gets pulled in
that way it's very innovative and the
firsts don't end there this boat has a
digital switching system and first time
I've ever seen it when a power cat of
this size it has joystick control okay
if you're looking for a 28 foot power
cut you want the latest in the greatest
and you want innovation in a brand new
boat this is one you want to look at
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters